# 🎵 Drake - Toosie Slide

Black leather gloves, no sequins, buckles on the jacket. It's a leash. Nike crossbody. Got a piece and got to dance. But it's really also St. ****. I'm going to show you how to get it. It go right. Football, left foot slide, left foot up right foot slide. Basically I'm saying either way we bout to slide. Hey can't let this one slide. Don't you want to dance with me? No. I could dance like Michael Jack Son. I could. Get your dog Sean. It's a thriller. In the track. Where we from, Baby? Don't you want to dance with me? No, I could dance like Michael JSON. I could get you satisfied. Sure. And you know we are here every day with it. I'm gonna show you how to get it. It go right foot, left foot, side, left foot, up right foot, slide. Basically I'm saying either way we bout to slide and you can't let this one slide. 2000 shorties want to tie the knot. 200 shooters on my brothers block heading off the roads like I love it. Not. Maybe not. I don't know what's wrong with me. I can't stop, won't stop, never stop. Got so many OPS I'd be mistaken after other. I got so many people that I love out of trouble spots other than a family. I got to see that. You and me. That's your side. Think it's either? You and me. This life got too deep for you, baby. Two or three years, somebody creep where they're staying. Black leather gloves, No sequins. Buckle Zone and Jackie, this elite **** Nike Crossbody got a piece and got to dance, but it's really Uncle St. ****. I'm going to show you how to get it. It go right for that foot slide, that foot up right foot slide. Basically. I'm saying either way, everybody slide. Hey, can't let this one slide. Tootsie Slide. Then I hit it double time. Then I hit a spin 'cause we spun that block a couple times. If it's not the right time, it'll always be another time. I'm not even tripping. We'll just see them in the summertime. Well, yeah. Can't describe the pressure I'll be putting on myself. Really, I just can't afford to lose nobody else. If they move and shaky, we just do this **** ourselves. If I'm over shake each other, do this **** himself. You're so low. Don't eat Yolo for real. Heard a lot about you, but we don't know for real. Next time guarantee the truth of Gabrielle. Black leather gloves, no sequence. The buckles on the jacket is Alicia. Nike crossbody got a piece and got a dance but it's really on the street. ****. I'm going to show you how it go right for the left foot slide. Left foot, up, right foot slide. Basically, I'm saying either way, we buy the slide. Hey, can't let this one slide. And don't you want to dance with me? No, I could dance like Michael Jackson. I could get your dog. It's a thriller. In the track where we from? Baby? Don't you want to dance with me? No, I could dance like Michael JSON. I could get you satisfied. And you know, we are here every day with it. I'm going to show you how to get it. It go right for left foot slide, left foot up right foot slide. Basically I'm saying either way, we're about to slide.